*clap*
Time of apologies to the Utopians!
"Why am I still hated?"
"I have no justification today"
"Names did not change their names"
"Cooper I have no idea ..."
"How to record this video my friend"
"Welcome"
"I, ...."
"I want to make a statement about what I said"
It's time to show you the apologies of the Utopians
That's right!
For some reason I thought that this was a good idea
you know what!
I have already made some of the paddies to apologize ..
just a little ...
Only some ..
So I feel that I have the basic knowledge and skill to ...
Determining what makes the video a bad apology
What makes the video an acceptable apology ...
So sit down and learn if you become Utopar
She decided to make a mistake too ...
As a wearer
right Now ..
What makes an idealistic apology?
many things ..
There are several things
Firstly : ..
The important point you need is to begin to sigh.
Need to tell listeners directly ...
This video was not easy to set up and it is a heavy burden on your priest
There is no better way to do that
Just b ... * Boot *
..Benhead
Second: All you have to do is ..
Receive blame
Receiving blame ...
For anything you do, okay!
Never take responsibility
If you take responsibility ..
It means you are wrong ..
With this work ..
No way!
Never acknowledge the error
In fact this is the first rule
first rule !!
Rule II ...
Blame
Rule III
Play the role of the victim
Make sure that ...
People know this is your concern
Okay...
This has become a problem for you
So you have to prepare something like ...
To say ...
I am exposed to bullying from the Internet ...
"The society decided to practice bullying"
Haha
Or if it becomes a major problem ...
What are you going to do to say that you are threatened with death?
Because basically anyone is tampering with the Internet
Will receive death threats
So the Internet works
Unfortunately, 0.01% of people are very persistent
This is an effective way to reduce ...
Criticism
And the remaining 99.9% of everything, people will say ...
sorry ..
Uh !!!
I'm threatened with death, okay !!
Oh I made a mistake!
Okay ...
Some people decided to write abusive comments to me
So ...
I think your view is incorrect
"I will take full responsibility ..."
"Every one of your customers told me how much money you had ..."
"Stolen from them, and caused them harm .. Say their names .."
- "If you want me to ask them to ask you .." - "I would like it"
"So why did each of your clients warn me six months ago that you ..."
"Six months ago, I stopped working just to make money from me" - "I did not do that .. Tana!"
You know, you can always take full blame.
But the whole call on someone else
This is an effective trick to do
Such as ...
You know, I take full responsibility ...
Because you were insulted
*Laughter*
To see the apologies, I chose some videos ..
* Kissing * The most perfect ..
Cultural content on site .. Yes my apologies included with the rest
Let us start !
Our first ...
Apologize to Trevor Martin
This video became Mimi himself (meme: is a viral cultural symbol or social idea)
Just because it is a piece of art
This apology ... * Kissing * Trevor Martin
If we were to apologize for the fine wine, the chondeau wine would be 1955
a la mon
"I literally do not know what to say"
Just to understand what is happening
I am sure that many people know, but at the beginning T. Martin
He ran the CS GO site for gambling .. He claimed that he had no connection to the site ...
And see how much profit I got from the site .. This heroic friends, see I win !!
Come on, children register on the site to win also .. And then what! ...
I manage the site !! What ? I am the site's executive director? What!!
And here is the video of the apology. Martin think, first I want ..
I would like to admire the best way
"Cooper I have no idea ... how to record my video"
* Laugh * I can not resist liking this video
Because we are only 8 seconds behind the section .. and much has happened, first ..
He started by the dog and by the way, this is a wonderful job that you would like to add
And you have to come to your pet animal .. animal loves everyone and everyone loves dogs
Not only that ... he also used the dog to seek advice
So sad dog !!!! I mean this is not a way to make a good apology
I do not know what to do
If you can not make your dog sad
To judge you
And then begins with the most beautiful
I did not hear a sigh before
Soft nose openings
The eyes are locked
He says: Do you know ..
It's me
Then we come to the background
Not just a babysitter in ****
Do you know ... when it comes to cheating kids stealing their money
You have to try to show your wisdom with attitude
Maybe you should not imagine in ..
House entrance
In a luxury house
How long is this ceiling?
And above that
How your car appeared
In the background of the video
I'm sorry ...
How did this happen?
He did not just shoot his palace while apologizing
But also added his car
I mean I do not know how I will
A video for an apology containing my car in the background .. This makes the situation worse
"Well, I'll try, as far as I can, as beautifully as possible
I do not want to take much of your time but first ...
I want to say that ..
First he did not want to waste our time
And then continue to waste our time figuring out how much he loves the fanatic ....
"I love you so much .. You mean a lot to me"
"You know me 6 years ago in Youtube, and with all sincerity, you have changed my life"
"I wake up early every day to achieve my dream .."
"I followed my feelings and all this is achieved ..."
Because I lied to you
I'm sure he loves his fans as much as he likes ...
As much as he likes his car and his palace so I do not think he is lying
I just want to say that this is a good way to start with it
Make sure you tell your fans that you love them right away
But not by acknowledging any mistake it has made
You have a lot of love and tenderness
"My connection with CSGO Lotto relates to the public record since the company was founded"
"In December 2015"
"However I feel that I owe you an apology I am sorry for everyone ..."
"Felt that it was not clear enough for him"
I like this because he explained that ...
He is the CEO of his company
But the reaction is simple.
It was a public record. It was something about people
It's your fault .. Did you understand?
Blaming .. That's what I'm talking about
It's your fault!
I will not try to deceive you or lie to you ..
Is your fault did you understand?
Watch the video
It is your fault that you did not understand
He owns the site
I mean, all this apology is trying ...
To cover his actions
Legal manner
He said this himself
"Please understand that I ..."
"I'm trying to make sure that my channel in YouTube is in addition to all my other work .."
"According to law"
All in accordance with the law
A beautiful statement .. if you commit something that people do not like
Do not hit them with ..
All in accordance with the law
I stole a child .. in a manner consistent with the law
So the reactions are not many but people thought that ...
That is a great lie and its punishment is certainly imprisonment
People said that the fine would be millions of money, but what is the ruling?
Simply nothing ... I mean I've been warned by the Federal Trade Commission
Basically if this incident is repeated again they will be fined about $ 40,000
So a person like T-Martin obviously has not changed a little
But learn this according to the law
He still continues with his channel .. I think this is fair enough
I do not know, there's no reason to touch these things but I'm always grateful to Martin
For his best apology * Applause *
I'm going to make this video .. I got 8.5 I know I said it was the best but ..
It could be better than that to move on to ...
Of course a video of Laura Liz apology I do not know exactly who is Laura Liz but ..
She seemed to be re-enraged by racist comments. * Laughter * But it's confusing in the video because I ..
I do not understand what happens. Did you seriously start like this?
"I want to talk to you in the ... in this video & ^% # ..."
* Laughter * There are no dimples!
The video has started ... If you want to clear your tears you can start the video at any stage you can not
What you need to do is to make sure that the tear is coming and then you start recording it you can not .... you know!
What is that !!!! *Laughter*
12 seconds and did not say anything .. except to rub her face in a strange way and false tears
That's good .. That's what I mean by T-Martin's video that it's not good enough
Because he did not do the same .. This is what the video of T-Martin ...
The topic is when you go through a dispute and the Internet hates you ..
I myself have experienced this experience and never cried at all
Because I am not a child or a woman, many are just complaining
But it is hard work and this is what we are seeing now .. This is not an apology
This is an attempt to understand what is happening around me trying to understand what is happening around me
This is not an apology but an emotional emotion
The things that are now talked about in Twitter or other media media
"... this is the hardest thing I've ever had .. I'm so sorry ....."
* Laughter * Why is this funny to me? You know when you see someone crying
You do not have to laugh .. right?! But many people think it's funny
I do not know why ?! Is it because of rubbing? I can not believe nobody believes
"I am very sorry because I disappointed your hopes ...."
My God ! What is that ? Are you a nose or mouth exporter? what happened ?
* Applause * You know what? This is the best video
Some people have commented that the reason for not actually crying and sometimes tears is mild due to stress
So she really did not cry because she felt guilty but because she was trying to deal with all these feelings and that's what I mentioned earlier
"This hurts me very much .... I have disappointed the hopes of those who have supported me for years ..."
She said nothing but "I'm better now"
But I did not show any reason to believe it I do not know maybe I'm miserable now .. I do not know
But I saw that the subject was a bit interesting when she said at the beginning "I'm the best"
I'm better now, my friends, I'm looking for you.
"I decided six years ago to re-tweet ... tough things
What Laura Lee did here is something special because when things spoil things
Make sure you do not overdo it as much as possible. Make sure people get the lowest form
What did I do instead of saying that she was chirping something that was essentially a re-chant
And feel the difficulty of the matter for 6 years how does this matter ???
This is the problem of this sort of thing people no longer care about when they occurred
"I feel stupid and angry .. I have no justifications for you"
"I'm not here to justify .. I'm here just to say I'm sorry"
* Laughter * You should not make excuses with an apologetic video
But it is very difficult to prevent yourself from doing what you say is ..
I do not want to justify, but then somehow try to sneak in with excuses from here and there
"6 years ago .. I do not justify .. It is only re-twitter"
I am happy to have an explanation icon because frankly I do not understand what you are saying
This lasts for 4:44 minutes
I can not afford to watch
It is somewhat bad but good
But it's bad .. I'm sorry
Again, there are no excuses
"They got her phone number and attacked a child ..."
Again I feel strange when I criticize this but it is an important point
Not good when you receive a death threat and everyone agrees with me
But this is also not an excuse if you receive a death threat. Go to the police This is not a reason to say to the listeners as a pardon
This has happened a lot in different media
We receive many abusive comments, death threats, bad people, and so forth.
It is a kind of role playing victim mentality
And somehow trying to say that anyone who criticizes me does these things
So what is the style of repetition here is that Laura Liz celebrates her arrival
5 million subscribers with Burger
In the comments: - I'm confused .. in Youtube 4.4 million .. Hmmm
- Yes, about that. - Oh, my God, do I have news for you? - Leave the diet, and some of it may change the figure in some way
* Laughter * I think this explains the reaction instead of apologizing
Because they lose subscribers
She must quickly pull off the plug and do something and act
I want to make this video by 7
This video contains most of the points I mentioned earlier * Applause *
next one ! We have to Paul Paul
I'm fed up with talking to Sean Paul but he has 53 million views
It is the most beautiful video of my apologetic time
This is something proud of by Paul Paul * Laughter * This is a joke but it's a fact
"I made a mistake in my decision .."
The funny thing here is why I like the video
That he made a mistake by posting his first twitter when you are in the drama or the internet mode against you
You have to classify the assessment of the situation maybe the situation will get worse or people will not care about the period
To what extent can I deal with the situation? Do I do a video or just dictate it?
Logan decided to make do with his Twitter only, which is a beautiful twitter
I am sure everyone read the twitter
But he scored all the points.
Instead of apologizing, you have to make sure you tell everyone about your anxiety as a person
And that this is the first time you do something wrong in your life
This is a good start to apologize
* Laughter * How to earn a high number of observations .. (I did not commit this work for the views, because I can actually get the views .....)
While you are not interested in this drama this is a great way to acknowledge it
How do you download clips every day and because it's hard on you
This has nothing to do with the subject and then hangs .. How much strength and power it possesses
I mean, where are you apologizing? Sure, your words are beautiful ..
The sweetest theme is the emoticons * kissing *
The beautiful apology ends with an emoticons with "Hishtaq" (Peace) after which you dare not talk to me about apologies
Hishtaq "Laughan for Life"
But the video is very nice but ..... most people probably hate Logan
But he acknowledged that this is wrong, what can you do too?
Many people said that it was read from a screen
And so on .. Oh he wrote an apology in a scenario that arrived but ...
You obviously want some ideas on what you want to say this video is important
And want to make it properly
Frankly, I do not see any reason to argue about this as it was an attempt to deceive or perhaps someone else wrote it
But in general I think this is acceptable
I do not know
No read from the screen all the time ..
A good apology is probably someone else wrote to him * laughed *
Make sure you use another language that you do not use for your regular ...
People know that this apology is not from you, it is clear that someone wrote it to read it
"I made a serious mistake and Astmrit by neglecting my judgment ..."
"I want to apologize to the Internet .." (means used Media Media)
When you submit a video to apologize you must make sure that you do not apologize to the people affected first (meaning the family of the suicide)
But you have to apologize to people who are angry first * laughed *
"I want to apologize for the Internet" 1 / Internet
"I want to apologize to those who watched the video" 2 / For those who watched the video
"More importantly, I want to apologize to the victim and his family"
The most affected person remains the last of the list
"I do not expect forgiveness ... I will be better than that .. Thank you"
It's a nice apology. I have nothing to say
Blogs for life
This is my suggestion if I want to give any prosecutions
If I want any aid I will always help
(Recommendation) Now that our time is running out I just want to take a look at some of the videos
We have Jana Marbles .. 47 minutes "Video What happened to Asmaki" * Laughter *
An apology for 47 minutes, but this is the world map of apology
Many people use this kind of apology as an example ...
Oh .. Mavaloh was lost and finished the subject in just two minutes
But Jana Marbel made a simple mistake and cost 47 minutes in the video
So if you mean regret
You have to play a video for 5 hours you have to show for 24 hours live broadcast
If you're really sorry
Many people do a quarrel which is of course illogical
In fact I like this video .. I find it funny to know .. Incredibly
This is not an apologetic video, but an explanation of the error that has caused it
She obviously bought fish and dealt with them as directed by the seller and turned out to be wrong
This angered people that this was not the right way to deal with fish
.. And then downloaded a video to respond simply: I learned from my mistake and this is the right way
This is what I understand from the video
This is nice because a lot of people do not know this
If the seller gave you the wrong instructions
It is nice that she conveyed her experience and the correct way of dealing
I mean clearly most people do not know how to deal with a fish
We also have a video of Wayne Brothers and when looking back I feel sorry .. Do you remember this?
"... and the tragedies were very bad and what we realized is that we spoiled it strongly .."
I feel bad ..
I met them .. They are nice
I met them once. So I can not simply say: Yes, they are wonderful
But they may not have received proper attention
But this apology is very bad but terrible ... the worst video ever
It's like trying to insult you ... Did you understand?
In summary they tried to steal some feedback .. world feedback
Because their channel for "reaction" and people: you can not try to steal the word "reaction"!
Because this leads to stealing someone else when he writes "reaction ..." video
In fact, this is true (the translator's note: the theft of the address was intended to steal the idea later)
They said: It is impossible to do this! But even if this is unintended, you do not have to do this
And try to comment: you are wrong .. you are wrong
It is impossible to do this. You are wrong
The subject here is that they are not utopers but producers who are not sitting in front of the camera
They have other people performing the role
Now things are good and they obviously do well. That's unimportant
This is something I want to share with you because it is important from my face ..
Make sure you apologize correctly
Because if your intentions are clear, you do not necessarily have to pass them through the video
I think this is a good example
"As an example we have a YouTube channel ... so we try to protect it .."
"Not in the way we lost our channel name thanks to someone who got a brand ..."
"But just because we have a brand does not mean we're looking for topics to steal."
You idiots
I think I should see my apologies ... I mean, I can not criticize people's responses without acknowledging my apology
First .. What does the cup do here? Is it possible that I did not stir this cup?
This is provocative for me .. I do not know why
Secondly, I am obviously in a different position here
Welcome Yaffa * laughter *
This is not the way to make an apology. * Laughter * Did you see .. I'm still learning
And also I feel that I was angry and my face does not suggest happiness
"Hello .. I want to make a statement about what I said in the live broadcast"
"Maybe you refuse to believe me but ... every time I hear players use that kind of language ..."
"As I did .. I find that this behavior stupid and immature .."
"I hate that I was in this situation .."
This is true .. I believe this
But I have not given anyone a reason to believe so I think it's stupid of me to say that at the beginning
"I put him in the heat of the moment when I said the word"
* Laughter * Because I said the heat of the moment began to me Mimi
Because it spread through YouTube and used it
It was during the heat of the subject.
I did not mean that, but it was clear that he had become an excuse
I should not have said that
"I do not want to justify this act because there are no excuses for this ..."
Because I just made a lot of excuses .. Yagby
* Laughter * Come on, you can laugh
I wish I had not started this .. It does not matter this is not our theme but it feels good when I watch how my sense changes
"I am sorry because I disappointed your hopes .. In this situation I should have learned more .."
Yes I started forgetting the subject * laughed *
How long has it been? Not bad .. I think I feel well
I made the important stuff here .. because when you make an apology it is important to reduce the shredding
Because when you cut the video repeatedly
People will think this is a fake apology, like you read from a screen and so on.
But what happened with Laura Lee
Ban contains empty content you did not speak ...
But I want to make sure that the last part goes well
As a saying I do not want this behavior to be repeated
Because it is clear that this is the second time that the feast was celebrated
I want to make sure I do not repeat this again
Yes the theme of Twitter is sensitive
Something else I learned from my mistake
There is a difference between the media and the general public in a way of thinking
I received a lot of advice
Given the past I am very grateful for not accepting it
If you want to make an acceptable apology, be frank.
Do not try to try things to fool people .. because you can not
People are smarter than you and will discover your trick
It's easy to say that despite my past, but this is a lesson for everyone
That's enough of the riddles, but there's plenty of time
Good-bye